# **Songbird**

## Supporting local isn’t just a philosophy—it’s at the heart of how we cook, connect, and serve.

### At Songbird, we believe great mornings start with great ingredients. That’s why our menus sing with the best of every season—featuring fresh, locally-sourced produce, responsibly raised meats, and small-batch goods from nearby farms and purveyors who share our commitment to sustainability. We proudly serve Blueprint Coffee, and celebrate the rich flavors of our region with every plate.

| **Info**        | **Details**                              |
|-----------------|-------------------------------------------|
| **Location**    | 3153 Morganford Ave.<br>Saint Louis, MO 63116 |
| **Hours**       | Open Daily 8am–2pm<br>Closed Tuesdays     |
| **Reservations**| [Book on Resy](https://resy.com/cities/st-louis-mo/venues/songbird?seats=2&date=2026-01-26) <br> [Call (314) 781-4344](https://resy.com/cities/st-louis-mo/venues/songbird?seats=2&date=2026-01-26)            |


## Brunch

### Mains


* The Combo Breakfast Sandwich | 14.00

_Aged white cheddar on toasted sourdough with applewood smoked bacon and a fried farm egg. Topped with sea salt and local honey._

* The Classic | 7.00

_Aged white cheddar on toasted sourdough topped with sea salt and honey (optional). +$3 Fried Egg, +$5 Bacon_

* Sprouted Grain English Muffin Sandwich | 14.00

_English muffin using flour from Lindley Mill. Served toasted with a turkey sausage patty from Buttonwood Farm, omelette-style egg, micros, and brown butter aioli._

* Lox on a Sesame Seed Bialy | 16.00

_House cured Scottish Salmon thinly sliced with cream cheese, capers, Bee Simple micro greens, pickled red onions, and sieved egg. Bialy is made in-house with sesame seeds._

* Farm Toast | 14.00

_Songbird’s French toast, soaked in egg custard and griddled with Henry Moore dent corn flour. Topped with seasonal fruit jam & malted whipped cream. +$2 Fried Egg, +$4 Shaved Ham_

* Breakfast Tamale | 14.00

_Filled with cotija cheese, served with stewed black beans, shaved watermelon, cilantro crema, and a fried egg. Add Slagel Farm chorizo. (Vegan option available.)_

* Grassfed Beef Patty Melt | 16.00

_Two beef patties, swiss cheese, 1000 island dressing on rye bread. Served with potato chips._

* Songbird Caesar Sala | 15.00

_Romaine and mixed greens with bacon crumbles, smoked turkey breast, shaved parmesan cheese, pickled red onions, and house-made croutons in a miso vinaigrette._

### Light Fare
* McKaskle Farm Cheddar Grits | 4.0

_White corn grits from McKaskle Farm milled like polenta. Pairs well with any main dish._ 

* Sugarwitch Yogurt Parfait | 7.50

_Crafted by Sugarwitch for Songbird, our guilt-free breakfast sandwich features a yogurt parfait with plums and a granola crust. Fun & delicious!_

* English Muffin | 3.50

_Toasted English Muffin made in-house with strawberry jam._

* Sesame Seed Bialy | 5.50

_A traditional Polish bialy, similar to a bagel but without the hole. Toasted with whipped cream cheese for a satisfying bite!_

* Chicken Sausage | 7.00

_Three chicken sausage links from Buttonwood Farm. Patties on request._

## Beverages

### Seasonal Drinks & Mocktails
* Confluence Kombucha | 5.00

_Lavender - Ginger kombucha from our neighbor at Confluence Kombucha. 7oz._

* Mighty Kind CBD Seltzer | 6.00

_Made in St. Louis, MK is alcohol and sugar-free. Choose from Violet-Mango or Lemon, each with 20mg of organic CBD for calming effects._

* Matcha Latte | 6.00

_Warm or Iced with Kodemari or Sonogi Matcha._

### Coffee Drinks
* Cold Brew Coffee (16o) | 7.00

_Iced cold brew coffee, rotating origin from Blueprint coffee._

* Latte | 6.00

_Espresso and steamed milk. Seasonal flavors available._

* Chocolate Latte (Mocha) | 7.00

_A classic chocolate latte made with Rolling Lawn chocolate milk._

* Drip Coffee To Go | 5.00

_Hot drip coffee to go. 10oz or 16oz available._

* Matcha Latte | 6.00

### Boozy Drinks
* Season Shift Sunny Cat | 5.25

_New England style IPA with tangerine notes, brewed in St. Louis MO_

* Mimosa | 10.00

_Non vintage sparkling wine from Cava, Spain with your juice of orange, grapefruit, or pineapple juice from our neighbors at Hello Juice._

* Latte with a Kick | 8.00

_Classic latte with either Luxardo Amaretto or Tullamore Dew Irish Whiskey_


## Gifts
1.  Songbird T-shirt | 11.00
2.  Songbird Gift Card | 10-100


